First drafted client cmdlets from Hackathon 221 (#1760)
microsoft/winget-cli: tools/PowerShell/README.md

# Windows Package Manager PowerShell Modules

## History
This set of PowerShell modules was originally built as a Microsoft Hackathon project in 2021.

We started this project as an exploration to design the right set of cmdlets with PowerShell approved nouns and verbs. As we began to explore wrapping the Windows Package Manager we identified several areas of complexity. Rather than slow down progress on building PowerShell cmdlets, we decided to forge ahead and call out the areas where the experience with pipelines is sub-optimal.

> For example, the Windows Package Manager (later referenced as just CLI) CLI was designed for displaying output in the standard width Windows Terminal. As such, long package names and "Id"s are truncated with a single width ellipsis character. Users wanting to use the PowerShell pipeline to pass values to another cmdlet will likely encounter undesired behavior due to this truncation. We have decided to declare the "Microsoft.WinGet" module as an alpha release until these problems have been resolved. We are planning to change the status of "PreRelease" to beta once we believe we have addressed the issues related to piping the output to other cmdlets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the Windows Package Manager (later referenced as winget or CLI) CLI was designed for displaying output in the standard width Windows Terminal. As such, long package names and "Id"s are truncated with a single width ellipsis character. Users wanting to use the PowerShell pipeline to pass values to another cmdlet will likely encounter undesired behavior due to this truncation. We have decided to declare the "Microsoft.WinGet" module as an alpha release until these problems have been resolved. We are planning to change the status of "PreRelease" to beta once we believe we have addressed the issues related to piping the output to other cmdlets.
```

Author: I completely agree with the feedback here.

We're going to add the capability to output data as JSON in the COM API. Then we will switch these cmdlets to use that mechanism. These cmdlets are *very* "Hackathon". My thought is that a (mostly) "working" sample at least gets the nouns and verbs out in a manner that we can share to get feedback.

I don't know what to call something that's earlier than "alpha". There seemed to be some limitations on what we could use for pre-release values.

The module and associated cmdlets were essentially handcrafted as the Hackathon team came up to speed with PowerShell idioms. The module and associated cmdlets in the Microsoft.WinGet.Client/crescendo directory were crafted using the "Microsoft.PowerShell.Crescendo" module. Several manual changes were applied to these files as well, but the idea was to leverage crescendo to speed up development.

As we continued, we also identified work being done in support of private REST sources. We decided to create separate modules to speed up development in that are of the product as well as standardizing some of the module work.

> The "Microsoft.WinGet" module is a top level module to organize the others. They child modules are "Microsoft.WinGet.Client" intended to represent the [native PowerShell module](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Areactions-%2B1-desc) feature request. The "Microsoft.WinGet.Create" module in the [winget-cli-restsource repository](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli-restsource) is expected to support building and modifying manifests in private sources (related to the Windows Package Manager Manifest Creator [REST support feature](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-create/issues/3)). The third module "Microsoft.WinGet.Source" is intended to simplify working the private REST sources like the [reference implementation](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli-restsource). A fourth module may be created for the [winget create tool](https://github.com/microsoft/wingetcreate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Microsoft.WinGet" module is a top level module to organize the others. They child modules are "Microsoft.WinGet.Client" intended to represent the [native PowerShell module](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli/issues/221) feature request. The "Microsoft.WinGet.Create" module in the [winget-cli-restsource repository](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli-restsource) is expected to support building and modifying manifests in private sources (related to the Windows Package Manager Manifest Creator [REST support feature](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-create/issues/3)). The third module "Microsoft.WinGet.Source" is intended to simplify working the private REST sources like the [reference implementation](https://github.com/microsoft/winget-cli-restsource). A fourth module may be created for the [winget create tool](https://github.com/microsoft/wingetcreate).
```
